h2. notifixlite

h3. What is it?

"notifixlite":http://notifixlite.appspot.com/ is a simple RSS to IM (Jabber, XMPP, Gtalk) bot.

h3. Usage 

Just add "notifixlite@appspot.com":xmpp:notifixlite@appspot.com to your contact on gtalk (using any "XMPP client":http://xmpp.org/xmpp-software/clients/). and get started by saying <code>/help</code>.

h3. Run your own

We graciously run an instance that anyone can use at "notifixlite":http://notifixlite.appspot.com/, and it sometimes runs out of credits. You can easily avoid this by running this under your very own Google App Account. To do so :

# Signup or log in to "Google App Engine":https://appengine.google.com/
# Create a new application, name it in a non-guessable way if you want to be the only one using it :)
# Checkout the code : <code>git clone git://github.com/superfeedr/notifixlight.git</code>
# Update your application name's in app.yaml, line 1 (replace <code>notifixlite</code>) with whatever you chose at step 2.
# Open a superfeedr "subscriber account":http://superfeedr.com/subscriber.
# Update <code>main.py</code> and add your superfeedr credentials at line 16 and 17; and change the call back on line 24 with your application's URL."
# "Deploy your instance":http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/gettingstarted/uploading.html of Notifixlite 
# Enjoy!

ps. Earn extra points, modify template/index.html so the instructions match your application's name.

h3. TODO

* Allow for "private" instances... limited with a password
* Google Reader import
* Web interface to consult history
* Add a <code>/track</code> command that directly uses Superfeedr's "track feeds":http://superfeedr.com/documentation#track.
* Allow to get started from the web app, rather than from an XMPP client.
* Integrate with Instapaper : add <code>/later</code> for the last notification
* Allow for <code>/last</code> to get the last X stories.